Welcome to the Capstone project of the C++ Nanodegree Program.
By now, you're able to write C++ code using solid object-oriented structure,
efficient memory management, and concurrent techniques.
This Capstone project will demonstrate your ability to
independently create applications using a wide range of C++ features,
and the project you create will become an important part of
your portfolio to share with current and future colleagues and employers.
You can choose from two options to create the Capstone project.
The first option is to build a project of your choice.
This is the most flexible option and this will allow you to
focus on the type of application that interests you the most.
There are a wide variety of applications you could choose: a chatbot,
a neural network deployment,
a text-based solitaire game,
a microcontroller for an embedded system,
a ROS Node simulated in Gazebo,
a networking protocol, a Mandelbrot or Fractal creator,
a hot dog detector using OpenCV or a video game.
There are a number of
different projects and tutorials online that can help you get started,
and we'll provide some links below.
We'll also provide a code repository with a CMakeLists.txt file and a "Hello, World!"
application that you can use to start.
You can build from this repository if you wish,
but you aren't required to use it.
We're excited to see what you can create.
The second option for the Capstone project is to add features to a video game.
We'll provide you with a simple two-dimensional Snake game.
We adapted this game from a Stack Overflow post on
beginning game development with the SDL game programming library.
The game code provides a solid foundation for you to extend with additional features,
or you're welcome to use the code as a framework to build your own game from scratch.
If you decide to build your own game,
cloning a classic 2D game is a great way to get started.
Some possible games you might clone include Asteroids,
Pacman, Space Invaders, or Pong.
The game you create doesn't need to be a fully featured clone of the original,
but there should be enough of a game for a user to play.
Both project options require a solid effort from you,
but I am confident that you will be successful and we can't wait to see what you create.